print("""               \033[1m STARTNIG SYSTEMS \033[0m

          What exactly is a system and 
          what are some related topics?

                   \033[1m --------
                    - MENU -
                    -------- \033[0m
    Please choose one of the options below,
                 and press enter.

1) System
2) Legacy Systems
3) Planning
4) Feasibility, including TELOS
5) Change Management
6) Business Merger
7) Real World Example
8) Hypothetical Example
""")

print("""             \033[1m SYSTEM IMPLEMENTATION \033[0m

9) System Changeover
10) Implementation Methods 
11) Related to, Phases in, and Issues in Data Migration
12) Related to Business M&A
13) Merger vs Acquisition
""")

print("""             \033[1m SYSTEM DESIGN \033[0m
14) SaaS
15) On-Premise Software
16) System Life Cycle
17) Functional Testing
""")
print("""             \033[1m SOFTWARE TESTING \033[0m
18) Debugging
19) Validation vs Verification
20) Testing & Types of Testing
21) Types of Data Used in Testing
""")
print("""             \033[1m COMPONENTS OF A COMPUTER SYSTEM \033[0m
22) Patch, update, upgrade, etc.
23) Hardware
24) Software
25) Peripheral Devices
26) Computer Network
27) Human Resources
28) Dumb Terminal
29) Thin Client
30) Client
31) Email Server
32) Router
33) DNS (Domain Name System) Server
34) Firewall
35) Client-Server
""")
answer = "empty"

while (answer == "empty"):
  userchoice = input()
  answer = "chosen"

  if(userchoice == "1"):
    print("""\033[1m SYSTEM \033[0m
    When we talk about a "computer system," we don't just mean the software; we don't even mean software + hardware. A "computer system" is truly a complete IT system that includes all relevant components, including the people and the immediate environment. The system could entail maintaining and safeguarding data or hardware in addition to teaching staff members or users.
    The majority of complex systems take a long time to develop and go through many different stages. But ultimately, compared to not utilizing the system, the new system ought to enhance the cost-to-benefit ratio.
    The reason for implementing a new IT system is not singular, but it may be one of many, or a combination of several. New systems are often used to replace legacy systems. Often the new system is replacing a current system; perhaps because the current system is inefficient, or no longer suitable for its original purpose, or redundant or out-dated. Or, the system may be for a purpose which is entirely new for an organization.""")
  elif(userchoice == "2"):
    print("""\033[1m LEGACY SYSTEMS \033[0m
    An example of a legacy system would be a hospital. It uses systems such as a clinical system, accounting system, pharmacy system and purchasing system. They all have to work together at one point in time, but often do not work together as they are stoed in individual silos which do not communicate with one another.
    But occasionally it's necessary to integrate new systems with legacy ones. If a legacy system has a lot of data or storage, moving everything to a new system might not be feasible if there isn't an automated means to move the data. Although there may be new technology available, the new system might not completely satisfy a client's needs. Many of our government agencies, like NASA, use both older technology and more recent ones.
    Along with lowering expenses, the new system can improve productivity or product quality while reducing faults or weaknesses in the current one.""")
  elif(userchoice == "3"):
    print("""\033[1m PLANNING \033[0m
    When designing and putting into place a new system, this would entail talking about new hardware, shifting possible technology locations, new policies, new training and upskilling, as well as maybe hiring and firing workers. Although there are a plethora of issues that should be taken into consideration when planning...
    a lack of:
    - organizational & business startegy
    - stakeholder & end-user participation
    - end-user 'ownership' 
    
    attention to:
    - required training
    - organizationl issues, including group culture
    - design of tasks & job roles
    - overall usability of the system""")
  elif(userchoice == "4"):
    print("""\033[1m FEASIBILITY, INCLUDING TELOS \033[0m
    A feasibility study should be carried out after taking into account and making an effort to foresee the aforementioned problems. A feasibility study needs to address a variety of topics. TELOS is a widely used acronym.
    The TELOS framework was introduced by James A. Hall in Accounting Information Systems (2007). Hall demonstrates how to use it as the foundation for a feasibility study to improve a project's success and spot structural issues before devoting time and resources to it. The acronym TELOS stands for five important areas.
    T: Technical feasibility concerns whether an organization's hardware and software can support a proposed new system, and if not, if it is practical to invest in new equipment. Here, every piece of hardware and software would be evaluated to see if it was required for the new system.
    E: Economic feasibility has to do with a project's budget and how money will be used. It intersects with other areas of feasibility since there are frequently financial expenses connected to getting new technical (organizational) and technical (technical) people trained on new processes, as well as costs connected to timeframes running late (Schedule).
    L: are there any conflicts between the proposed system and any local laws, regulations, etc.
    O: Operation Feasibility is concerned with the participants' ability to work with the new system. Technical expertise of personnel would need to be taken into account, as would the need for staff training and the tools that would need to be available for training, such as training manuals.
    S: The time allotted for the new system's development is related to the schedule's viability. Here, the timeline would be evaluated because projects that go over budget can have an organizational and financial impact on a corporation.""")
  elif(userchoice == "5"):
    print("""\033[1m CHANGE MANAGEMENT \033[0m
    Organizational change is the process through which a firm or business changes a key aspect of its structure, such as its culture, the operational infrastructure or supporting technologies, or its internal procedures.
    Change management is usually always a part of changing systems. This could involve moving, hiring, or firing individuals or entire departments, or it could just involve changing the way they go about their daily business.
    When a change involves new technology or computerized/automated systems, people frequently approach it with worry and occasionally even terror. All stakeholders, including the employees, should be considered when maximizing benefits and minimizing drawbacks during change management.
    Buy-in from all stakeholders should be the result of effective change management. Conflict or resistance to new workstations or processes is an indication that change management efforts were not totally successful. With more automation, some people might be concerned about losing their jobs, and regrettably, this worry occasionally comes true. """)
  elif(userchoice == "6"):
    print("""\033[1m BUSINESS MERGER \033[0m
    A merger is an arrangement that combines two current businesses into a single new business. There are various merger types, and businesses merge for a variety of reasons. Mergers and acquisitions (M&A) are frequently carried out to broaden a company's clientele, enter new markets, or increase market share. The goal of all of these actions is to raise shareholder value. Companies frequently adopt a no-shop provision during a merger to stop acquisitions or mergers by other businesses.""")
  elif(userchoice == "7"):
    print("""\033[1m REAL WORLD EXAMPLE \033[0m
    Some things I noticed while watching the video were the usage of proper planning alongside a true system in which they have assigned roles to carry out the information on the postcards that may be illegible.""")
  elif(userchoice == "8"):
    print("""\033[1m HYPOTHETICAL EXAMPLE \033[0m
    What could arise from the change in the system is a replacement for an established legacy system. Another thing that has the possibility to arise in this new system is potential barriers that the system may face when transfering information from one system to the other if they entirely get rid of the legacy system. Without proper planning, they also have the potential to mess it all up if they do not undergo the right training or maintain proper organization.""")
  elif(userchoice == "9"):
    print("""\033[1m System Changeover \033[0m
    The procedure for changing from one system to another is called a system transition. It's common for someone to make changes to their family's or own personal system without giving it much thought. However, a system switch may be more difficult and problematic the larger the environment. A business or organization probably manages and maintains the financial and personal information of individuals, as well as information related to their livelihood, health, and well-being, or the infrastructure of a certain area. 
If something goes wrong or service is momentarily interrupted during a system switch at a hospital, power plant, or communication provider, it could have serious consequences. For these reasons, there are numerous methods for facilitating system transition.
A firm or organization may occasionally rely entirely on a system or procedure that is being changed. A new system is frequently incorporated into an already established larger system or series of systems and may just replace a portion of an organization's or company's operations; for example, switching to Canvas while continuing to use Clever, Skyward, etc. Changing systems will typically result in higher immediate costs, which may include labor hours, training costs, as well as possible monetary expenditures. When a new system is deployed, there may also be resistance from staff or customers. Prior to implementation, planning should be done in an effort to lessen any negative repercussions of the transition.""")
  elif(userchoice == "10"):
    print("""\033[1m IMPLEMENTATION METHODS \033[0m
    Different implementation strategies involve different trade-offs and hazards, and the "optimal strategy" is always depending on the circumstances. The following are the implementation strategies:
    PARALLEL: In this manner of implementation, both systems operate briefly in parallel. Prior to turning off the older system, this method also enables output of the new system to be measured. The business can continue to rely on the old system if the new system's functionality is unsatisfactory while working to resolve any problems. Due to the fact that both systems are being used simultaneously, this strategy can be costly and stressful. To maintain both functioning concurrently, this might call for additional computer or network resources, extra labor hours, and money outlays. If the two systems are quite dissimilar, the transition may be exceedingly inefficient for some time.
    BIG BANG/DIRECT/IMMEDIATE: This technique of implementation involves completely shutting down one system and bringing the other online as soon as preparations are finished. The least resource-intensive approach, but it necessitates frontloading training before the switchover. A third system or external location may also be required to transfer any data that has to be transferred from one system to the other while the switchover is taking place.
    PILOT: The pilot group or pilot site is the smaller portion of an organization or business that adopts the new system under this implementation strategy. In larger organizations and businesses with numerous divisions or locations, this is extremely typical. With this approach, the new system may be tested and problems worked out with less risk before being introduced to the entire organization. Changeover procedures for the rest of the organization can be planned once the new system has proven successful for the pilot group. When the new system is implemented, the pilot group can be used as a guide.
    PHASED: With this approach of implementation, the business or organization converts one module or section of the system at a time over time. This would imply that for data or processes to go back and forth between the new and old systems, they need to be sufficiently similar. Given that each component of the new system is implemented separately, training time is increased and the process will generally take longer. These implementation phases may be based on specific organizational processes or functions, or they may be based on specific organizational departments or teams.""")
  elif(userchoice == "11"):
    print("""\033[1m RELATED TO, PHASES IN, AND ISSUES IN DATA MIGRATION \033[0m
    RELATED TO: There is a good probability that you will need to plan for data transfer from one system to another when putting a new system into place. This could involve modifying computer systems, storage devices, and format kinds.
    Transferring data between different media, such as from paper to digital, may be challenging. Data types in digital formats may also be incompatible, such as when data stored in PDFs is attempted to be imported into a CSV spreadsheet or when data stored in floats is attempted to be loaded into an integer format. If the data migration procedure times out, fails, or meets other faults, more problems might occur. Data misinterpretation may also lead to incompatibilities when integrating systems from other areas. For instance, an organizational system may expect dates to be imported as dd/mm/yyyy instead of mm/dd/yyyy or temperature data to be imported in celsius rather than farenheit.
    PHASES IN: Data Migration can be categorized into 3 phases: Plan, Migrate, and Validate.
    PLAN: Identifying the requirements for the relocation should be a part of the planning process. Future environmental factors, development, and migration plan paperwork should all be taken into account. 
    MIGRATE: In this step, the plan is explained, the necessary software and hardware is acquired, installed, and set up, and the actual transference procedure is carried out. 
    VALIDATE: Tests are run in this stage to ensure that data is in the same condition both before and after the migration. To establish a baseline before the procedure, it is advised to execute tests both before and after the migration.
    ISSUES: When dealing with a Data Migration, you may be prone to issues such as poor communication, not understanding the data properly, underestimating data analysis, lack of integrated processes, inability to validate a specification, failure to validate the implementation, late evaluation of the final results, and inappropriate use of Expertise. All of these issues have the ability to hinder your experience when handling a Data Migration.""")
  elif(userchoice == "12"):
    print("""\033[1m RELATED TO BUSINESS M&A \033[0m
    The systems will probably change as two or more company entities integrate with one another, whether the merger is formal or more of an acquisition. 
By exerting more control over the process, lessening competition, or employing other strategies, merging or acquiring may aim to cut expenses. In the end, the merger should give the new organization or company a competitive edge.
One of the following integration strategies will be chosen as a consequence of system merging:
both systems may be preserved and developed to have the same functionality. Parallel operation of both systems incurs considerable maintenance expenses. 
A new system might take the place of both existing ones. This could lead to a new system that, generally, better suits the demands of the new company or organization, but it will come at a greater initial cost, including new training for all personnel. 
Pick the top system elements from each, then combine them. This gives the original employees of both companies some familiarity, but it may take them longer to get used to the entire system because some components operate according to habit rather than a complete change.
Choose the superior system and completely discard the inferior one. People who are accustomed to the abandoned system may oppose change, and there may be administrative problems. Those who are already familiar with the chosen system, however, might be resources because they have firsthand knowledge of it.""")
  elif(userchoice == "13"):
    print("""\033[1m MERGER VS ACQUISITION \033[0m
    The difference between merger and acquisition may be a bit confusing to identify, but once understood it will be as clear as water.
    MERGER: A merger occurs when two separate entities combine forces to create a new, joint organization.
    ACQUISITION: An aquisition refers to the takeover of one entity by another entity.""")
  elif(userchoice == "14"):
    print("""\033[1m SaaS \033[0m
    Software as a Service is a software licensing and delivery model in which software is licensed on a subscription basis and is centrally hosted. It is sometimes referred to as "on-demand software", and was formerly referred to as "software plus services" by Microsoft.

By 'centrally hosted', what we mean is that the software is not run on the local computer system, but instead uses the internet to connect to servers from the software manufacturer. It is on the software manufacturer's servers that the software is run, managed, and maintained. An everyday example would be Google Docs. An example in the business would be the widely used enterprise software by German software company SAP SE.""")
  elif(userchoice == "15"):
    print("""\033[1m ON-PREMISE SOFTWARE \033[0m
    On-Premise Software is software that is installed and runs on computers on the premises of the person or organization using the software, rather than at a remote facility such as a server farm or cloud.
    On-premise software or systems typically require having on-staff IT professionals. If there is an issue that local staff can't solve, it may require remote access with the software/system provider, or may even require IT Support or a Software Engineer to travel to help resolve the issue. This can result in further expenses as well as lost time. For small companies, on-premise software or systems may have a lot of unexpected costs when issues occur. However, with SaaS, you may have additional costs too, such as legal costs related to contracts.""")
  elif(userchoice == "16"):
    print("""\033[1m SYSTEM LIFE CYCLE \033[0m
    This refers to the stages we move through when developing a new system. There are a variety of ways to illustrate and discuss this, and no specific way is accurate all the time, as needs and situations can vary significantly. Ideally, we move through the stages one at a time, without having to backtrack. 

Realistically thought, we often talk about it as a cycle as we know we know we will probably have to move back and forth between stages as well as move through the whole cycle again as time progresses and our needs change.

We can look at System Life Cycles related specifically to systems, or specifically related to software. However, the two are not significantly different. Below, you can see how it specifically relates to Software Development.""")
  elif(userchoice == "17"):
    print("""\033[1m FUNCTIONAL TESTING \033[0m
    Software testing is the process of verifying a system with the purpose of identifying any errors, gaps or missing requirement versus the actual requirement.""")
  elif(userchoice == "18"):
    print("""\033[1m DEBUGGING \033[0m
    The systematic process of correcting and fixing bugs or potential errors in a program.""")
  elif(userchoice == "19"):
    print("""\033[1m VALIDATION VS VERIFICATION \033[0m
    Validation is the process of checking whether the specification captures the customer's requirements, while verification is the process of checking that the software meets specifications. Verification includes all the activities associated with the producing high quality software.""")
  elif(userchoice == "20"):
    print("""\033[1m TESTING & TYPES OF TESTING \033[0m
    dry-run - A dry-run is when you manually move through the code with pen-and-paper, to determine the expected outcome when the code is executed.
    functional - Functional testing relates to testing individual commands, text input, menu functions, etc.
    unit - Unit testing relates to separately testing the individual components or parts of the system or software.
    integration - These are both in contrast to integration testing, where the components are testing together within the system or software to verify that everything works correctly with each other.
    user acceptance - User acceptance testing relates to determining if the system satisfies the customer's needs. This is usually done on-premise before the system or software is shipped or trasnfered to the customer. This is more common when a system or software is specifically designed for a specific client, and not a software provided for the general public.
    alpha - In alpha testing, the software or system is released to those within the company or organization who are not specifically involved in the development or implementation of the product. For example, if you are a developer for Apple's Final Cut Pro software, when a new iPhone model is available, they may ask if you'd like one of the early models that's still in testing. This allows them to get feedback and testing data more similar to how actual customers would use the new phone model.
  beta - In beta testing, the software system is available to the public (or a group consisting of the public). As this includes the actual public, this is the closest and most realistic testing data a company or organization can get before the product is fully available. At this point, the product should be very stable, and testing may be more related to any unusual cases where the system or software may interact in an unexpected way with other software or systems, or also as a stress test if the system or software has to connect to servers or other internet-based resources.""")
  elif(userchoice == "21"):
    print("""\033[1m TYPES OF DATA USED IN TESTING \033[0m
    normal - A normality test is used to determine whether sample data has been drawn from a normally distributed population
    at the limits - The limit test feature allows you to set the limit line for each trace and then perform the pass/fail judgment for the measurement result.
    extreme - valid data that falls at the boundary fo any possible ranges.
    abnormal - Test data that falls outside of what is acceptable and should be rejected by the system.""")
  elif(userchoice == "22"):
    print("""\033[1m PATCH, UPDATE, UPGRADE, ETC. \033[0m
   Patches: used by software companies to update applications by fixing known bugs and vulnerabilities. Be aware that patches may introduce new bugs.

Upgrades: contain a novel function or characteristic, as well as cumulative bug fixes. Upgrades often require an additional purchase.

Updates: improve a product in a minor way, adding some new functionality or fixing a bug. Updates are usually free. Updates may be obtained manually, or may also be automatic through an internet connection.

Releases: final, working versions of software applications. Prior to release, they should undergo alpha and beta testing. A release is a new product, or an upgraded product.""")
  elif(userchoice == "23"):
    print("""\033[1m HARDWARE \033[0m
   Hardware refers to the computer's tangible components or delivery systems that store and run the written instructions provided by the software.""")
  elif(userchoice == "24"):
    print("""\033[1m SOFTWARE \033[0m
   Software is a set of instructions, data or programs used to operate computers and execute specific tasks.""")
  elif(userchoice == "25"):
    print("""\033[1m PERIPHERAL DEVICES \033[0m
   
Image result for peripheral devices computer science
A peripheral device is an internal or external device that connects directly to a computer or other digital device but does not contribute to the computer's primary function, such as computing.""")
  elif(userchoice == "26"):
    print("""\033[1m COMPUTER NETWORK \033[0m
   A set of computer systems that are interconnected and share resources, as well as data. For example: Local Area Network, Wide Area Network, etc.""")
  elif(userchoice == "27"):
    print("""\033[1m HUMAN RESOURCES \033[0m
   People who are part of (or could be part of) an organization, business, or economy.""")
  elif(userchoice == "28"):
    print("""\033[1m DUMB TERMINAL \033[0m
   A dumb terminal is a terminal that does not performing local processing of entered information, but serves only as an input/output device for an attached or network-linked processor.""")
  elif(userchoice == "29"):
    print("""\033[1m THIN CLIENT \033[0m
   A thin client (or lean client) is a virtual desktop computing model that runs on the resources stored on a central server instead of a computer's resources.""")
  elif(userchoice == "30"):
    print("""\033[1m CLIENT \033[0m
   A client is any computer hardware or software device that requests access to a service provided by a server.""")
  elif(userchoice == "31"):
    print("""\033[1m EMAIL SERVER \033[0m
   An email server, or simply mail server, is an application or computer in a network whose sole purpose is to act as a virtual post office. """)
  elif(userchoice == "32"):
    print("""\033[1m ROUTER \033[0m
   A router is a physical or virtual appliance that passes information between two or more packet-switched computer networks.""")
  elif(userchoice == "33"):
    print("""\033[1m DNS (DOMAIN NAME SYSTEM) SERVER \033[0m
   The domain name system (DNS) is a naming database in which internet domain names are located and translated into Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.""")
  elif(userchoice == "34"):
    print("""\033[1m FIREWALL \033[0m
   A type of system used to monitor connections between computer networks.""")
  elif(userchoice == "35"):
    print("""\033[1m CLIENT-SERVER \033[0m
   A client-server network is the medium through which clients access resources and services from a central computer, via either a local area network (LAN) or a wide-area network (WAN), such as the Internet.""")
  else:
    print("INVALID INPUT, please try again")
    answer = "empty"   
